add entry about diffusers (#984)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/diffusers.md

# Using 🧨 `diffusers` at Hugging Face

> 🧨 `diffusers` is the go-to library for state-of-the-art pretrained diffusion models for generating images, audio, and even 3D structures of molecules. Whether you’re looking for a simple inference solution or want to train your own diffusion model, 🤗 Diffusers is a modular toolbox that supports both. Our library is designed with a focus on usability over performance, simple over easy, and customizability over abstractions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
🧨 `diffusers` is the go-to library for state-of-the-art pretrained diffusion models for generating images, audio, and even 3D structures of molecules. Whether you’re looking for a simple inference solution or want to train your own diffusion model, 🤗 Diffusers is a modular toolbox that supports both. The library is designed with a focus on usability over performance, simple over easy, and customizability over abstractions.
```

Reviewer 2: i would remove (most of) the emojis here too

## Exploring 🧨 diffusers in the Hub

> There are over 10,000 `diffusers` compatible pipelines on the Hub which you can find by filtering at the left of [the models page](https://huggingface.co/models?library=diffusers&sort=downloads). Diffusion systems are typically composed of multiple components such as text encoder, UNet, VAE, and scheduler. This is why they are not standalone models. 

Reviewer 3: thoughts about using `trending` sorting instead?

> There are over 10,000 `diffusers` compatible pipelines on the Hub which you can find by filtering at the left of [the models page](https://huggingface.co/models?library=diffusers&sort=downloads). Diffusion systems are typically composed of multiple components such as text encoder, UNet, VAE, and scheduler. This is why they are not standalone models. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
There are over 10,000 `diffusers` compatible pipelines on the Hub which you can find by filtering at the left of [the models page](https://huggingface.co/models?library=diffusers&sort=downloads). Diffusion systems are typically composed of multiple components such as text encoder, UNet, VAE, and scheduler. Even though they are not standalone models, the pipeline abstraction makes it easy to use them for inference or training.
```

You can find diffusion pipelines for many different tasks:

> * Generating images from natural language text prompt ([text-to-image](https://huggingface.co/models?library=diffusers&pipeline_tag=text-to-image&sort=downloads)).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Generating images from natural language text prompts ([text-to-image](https://huggingface.co/models?library=diffusers&pipeline_tag=text-to-image&sort=downloads)).
```

> * Translating images from images using natural language text prompt ([image-to-image](https://huggingface.co/models?library=diffusers&pipeline_tag=image-to-image&sort=downloads)).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Transforming images using natural language text prompts ([image-to-image](https://huggingface.co/models?library=diffusers&pipeline_tag=image-to-image&sort=downloads)).
```

> * Generating images from natural language text prompt ([text-to-image](https://huggingface.co/models?library=diffusers&pipeline_tag=text-to-image&sort=downloads)).
> * Translating images from images using natural language text prompt ([image-to-image](https://huggingface.co/models?library=diffusers&pipeline_tag=image-to-image&sort=downloads)).
> * Generating videos from natural language text prompt ([text-to-video](https://huggingface.co/models?library=diffusers&pipeline_tag=text-to-video&sort=downloads)).

Reviewer: WDYT about this minor rewording?

```suggestion
* Generating images from natural language text prompts ([text-to-image](https://huggingface.co/models?library=diffusers&pipeline_tag=text-to-image&sort=downloads)).
* Creating new images based on input images and text prompts ([image-to-image](https://huggingface.co/models?library=diffusers&pipeline_tag=image-to-image&sort=downloads)).
* Generating videos from text prompts ([text-to-video](https://huggingface.co/models?library=diffusers&pipeline_tag=text-to-video&sort=downloads)).
```

Reviewer 3: I wrote my suggestions before reading Omar's, his works for me too.

> * Generating videos from natural language text prompt ([text-to-video](https://huggingface.co/models?library=diffusers&pipeline_tag=text-to-video&sort=downloads)).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Generating videos from natural language descriptions ([text-to-video](https://huggingface.co/models?library=diffusers&pipeline_tag=text-to-video&sort=downloads)).
```

> You can try out the models directly in the browser if you want to test them out without downloading them thanks to the in-browser widgets! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can try out the models directly in the browser if you want to test them out without downloading them, thanks to the in-browser widgets! 
```

<div class="flex justify-center">
<img class="hidden dark:block" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/refs%2Fpr%2F35/hub/libraries-diffusers_widget.png"/>
</div>

## Using existing pipelines

> All `diffusers` pipelines are a line away from being used! If you want to run the entire process of generation then it's recommended to always start from the `DiffusionPipeline`: 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
All `diffusers` pipelines are a line away from being used! To run generation we recommended to always start from the `DiffusionPipeline`: 
```

```py
from diffusers import DiffusionPipeline

pipeline = DiffusionPipeline.from_pretrained("stabilityai/stable-diffusion-xl-base-1.0")
```

If you want to load a specific pipeline component such as the UNet, you can do so by:

```py
from diffusers import UNet2DConditionModel

unet = UNet2DConditionModel.from_pretrained("stabilityai/stable-diffusion-xl-base-1.0", subfolder="unet")
```

## Sharing your pipelines and models

> All the [pipeline classes](https://huggingface.co/docs/diffusers/main/en/api/pipelines/overview), [model classes](https://huggingface.co/docs/diffusers/main/en/api/models/overview), and [scheduler classes](https://huggingface.co/docs/diffusers/main/en/api/schedulers/overview) are fully compatible with the Hub. More specifically, they can be easily loaded from the Hub using the `from_pretrained()` method and can be shared with others using the `push_to_hub()` method.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
All the [pipeline classes](https://huggingface.co/docs/diffusers/main/api/pipelines/overview), [model classes](https://huggingface.co/docs/diffusers/main/api/models/overview), and [scheduler classes](https://huggingface.co/docs/diffusers/main/api/schedulers/overview) are fully compatible with the Hub. More specifically, they can be easily loaded from the Hub using the `from_pretrained()` method and can be shared with others using the `push_to_hub()` method.
```

Not sure if we automatically redirect based on browser settings, but we could :)

Author: WDYM?
